Tree: Updates to docs, test suite, and hover style (#1153)
looker-open-source/components: www/src/documentation/components/content/tree.mdx

`Tree`, like `Accordion`, is a collapsible section component designed for hiding and showing content. However, unlike `Accordion`, `Tree` has a more structured interface and is best used when building tree views like a file structure or a sidebar.

Use the required `label` prop to set the text of the `Tree` disclosure. `label` alternatively accepts a `ReactNode` for more advanced layouts.

> Use the `icon` prop to display an icon left of the `Tree` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `icon` prop to display an icon next to the `Tree` label.
```

Let's remove `left` since that might not be true forever and could be different in a RTL world :)

Author: Resolved in 48f100f!

```jsx
<Tree label="Orders" icon="Table">
  <TreeItem icon="FieldNumber">Cost</TreeItem>
  <TreeItem icon="FieldLocation">Location</TreeItem>
  <TreeItem icon="FieldTier">Tier</TreeItem>
  <TreeItem icon="FieldYesNo">Oui ou Non</TreeItem>
</Tree>
```

> Use the `detail` prop to display an element right of the `Tree` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `detail` to display an element in the negative space of the `Tree` label.
```

Author: Resolved in 48f100f!

`Tree`, like `Accordion`, is a collapsible section component designed for hiding and showing content. However, unlike `Accordion`, `Tree` has a more structured interface and is best used when building tree views like a file structure or a sidebar.

Use the required `label` prop to set the text of the `Tree` disclosure. `label` alternatively accepts a `ReactNode` for more advanced layouts.

Use the `icon` prop to display an icon left of the `Tree` label.

```jsx
<Tree label="Orders" icon="Table">
  <TreeItem icon="FieldNumber">Cost</TreeItem>
  <TreeItem icon="FieldLocation">Location</TreeItem>
  <TreeItem icon="FieldTier">Tier</TreeItem>
  <TreeItem icon="FieldYesNo">Oui ou Non</TreeItem>
</Tree>
```

Use the `detail` prop to display an element right of the `Tree` label.

> **Note:** Any elements passed into the `detail` prop will not propagate events (i.e. clicking on a `detail` element will not open or close the `Tree`).

Reviewer: Isn't this _only_ true if they've used the `detailAccessory` prop? (I _think_  that was the intention)

Author: Addressed in 7510250!
